[Music]
yes
very good my dear lovers of the
heart how are you and ladies do I get
to tell you a little thing that will
leave you speechless I'm going to resort to using
an interview that don manuel
alejandro gave I don't know if you remember him
manuel alejandro is one of the great
composers of Spanish music a
composer who has written for rafael
julio iglesias and even rocio
jurado herself well back in january of this
year he gave an interview on 'el
hormiguero' that I had the pleasure of
reviewing and he completely denies it and
takes a sack without having done it on
purpose to rocio carrasco
currently although there are several rumors
that they don't get along and so on rocio
carrasco and fidel are usually regulars
in this man's concerts okay he's
a man who is already 90 years old but he's
still quite active he's a
quite vital man okay he has a lot of
vitality it turns out that in this
interview the composer confesses that the
song rocio
se nos romper el amor hides nothing more and nothing
less than the true story  of the
sentimental life of Rocío herself she swore
at that time at the time that she released the
song and that it was being composed it
was not yet public domain that the
couple was separating that the marriage
was going down well the
composer who was very good friends with
her already knew it and predicted it and
based this story on this to know what to
write and well he came up with the
song Solano love towards waters and
well everything else well you have it in the
lyrics of the song our love was not broken from
using it so much from so many hugs
without measure it is not a part of the song
that I'm sure you all know well well I
want to remind you that Rocío Carrasco in
this documentary is telling us the complete
opposite that her parents were
in love well until the last moment
both rebuilt their lives each with
a new partner getting married and so on but it
was not they were not married in love
new partner enjoy I know that they filed for
annulment and even an ecclesiastical church
but according to Rocío Carrasco according to her
illusion that they died in love with each
other okay when we even have a
song that  It tells in detail
that a marriage that was not that it was seen, it
was not that there was good, it would have its
problems and all that, but
basically what had happened, as
the song says, it went out, it went out,
there are times when the spark goes away, there are
marriages that at that time, well, they
still endured each other, there were no children
involved, whatever, if you were already
married because you have to endure your whole
life, you couldn't get divorced and such, these
people are not, mind, they were very advanced for their
time, besides, they were very modern people, you
know that Rocío Juradó was way
ahead of her time too, and when
the love went out, well, they separated but
with a relationship as cordial as possible
and nothing, this is others, on camera for
Rocío Carrasco, and besides, it has been a sack
that it has been
if they have not looked for jealousy and they have
given it to her, what do you think, families are
reading? I send a huge hug and until
the next video
[Music]